This records the minutes of the Enterprise Neurosytems Group Board Meeting held on October 4th, 2022. 

Attendees: 
* Chair: Bill Wright - Red Hat - bwright@redhat.com
* Vice Chair: John Overton - Kove
* Technical Committee Leader/CTO: Dinesh Verma - IBM
* Telecom Sector Rep: Tong Zhang - Intel 
* Govt Sector Rep: Ryan Coffee - SLAC 
* IT Sector Rep - Ganesh Harinath, Fiducia AI 

The following motions were made during the meeting minutes and the result of voting as recorded below: 

1. Governance Board to create a ENG repository to maintain minutes of Governance Board Meetings.
(motion proposed and carried unanimously) 
Note: This repository is the one for Governance Board. 

2. Motion on creating a succession plan for Board Members 
2a. In case of incapacitation of the Chair of Board,  Vice-Chair-treasurer becomes the interim   Chair of Board until new elections. 
2b. In case of incapacitation of the Vice-Chair-treasurer,  Technical Group Leader becomes the interim Vice-Chair-treasurer until new elections. 
2c. In case of incapacitation of the Technical Group Leader,  the Chair  becomes the interim Technical Group Leader until new elections.
2d. In case of incapacitation of any board member representing an industry, the remaining members of the board would nominate an interim member selected from the remaining board members, until new elections. 
2e. In case of incapacitation of any board member, the board will hold an election to replace the position within a reasonable amount of time. 
(motion proposed and carried unanimously) 


3.The service period for each slate of newly elected Governance Board will be 4 years. 
(motion proposed and carried unanimously) 

4.	Governance Board should have a shadow member outside the board for each elected representative. 
Motion proposed and rejected unanimously

5.	The discussions of the Governance Board meeting should be recorded and released to community members.
Motion proposed and rejected unanimously 

6.	The process for new Governance Board elections should be initiated at the earliest possible community meeting.  
Motion proposed and accepted unanimously 

7.	The technical working group currently called Governance working group should be renamed to Community Best Practices working group. 
Motion proposed and accepted unanimously 

8.	Clarify that the work of community is being done by multiple technical committees by revising the community charter. 
 
Motion proposed and carried unanimously 
